I was unable to get the diff command to work to compare two files
I am unable to get Sublime installed and hoping the tutorial at the end clears things up.

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?
I was unable to get the diff command to work to compare two files

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

You're able to see changes and identify points of change where an error may have occurred and an opportunity without having to start at the beginning.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Pro - total control over the process
    Con - you may forget to save 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    It's more cumbersome to track numerous versions of the same file and most people are primarily interested in reducing the number of files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    The diff command will compare one file to another and identify variances.



How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If you have code saved, you can always go back and replace the new code with a version you know works.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Not sure yet!


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Being able to review prior work could be helpful in solving lots of different sorts of problems and also prevents having to reinvent something if a file is lost.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

You can choose dependent on the size of the change/commit. You can commit each time you make a shift and will keep your breadcrumb trail easy to follow.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Greater control over the file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files
Git log shows the whole history, git diff is a comparison tool to compare versions 
 
